DOC-2464 RS 6.2.12 CVE update (#2667)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-12.md

As part of Redis commitment to security, Redis Enterprise Software implements the latest [security fixes](https://github.com/redis/redis/releases) available with open source Redis. The following [Open Source Redis](https://github.com/redis/redis) [CVEs](https://github.com/redis/redis/security/advisories) do not affect Redis Enterprise:

> - [CVE-2022-24834](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-24834) - Redis Enterprise version 6.2.12 and later is not impacted by the CVE that was found and fixed in open source Redis because a fix to prevent Lua scripts from causing heap overflow was implemented in Redis Enterprise version 6.2.12. Additional information about the open source Redis fix is on [the Redis GitHub page](https://github.com/redis/redis/releases) (Redis 7.0.12, Redis 6.2.13, Redis 6.0.20)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CVE-2022-24834](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-24834) - Redis Enterprise versions 6.2.12 and later are not impacted by the CVE that was found and fixed in open source Redis. A fix to prevent Lua scripts from causing heap overflow was implemented in Redis Enterprise version 6.2.12. Additional information about the open source Redis fix is on [the Redis GitHub page](https://github.com/redis/redis/releases) (Redis 7.0.12, Redis 6.2.13, Redis 6.0.20)
```
